Innocence

A short story based on a personal dream 

As my knife met it's jugular,
it had not cared to realized it had been critically struck, 
it's jaw outmatched by my blade. 

Not to think to coward, 
only a undying wish to kill, 
it trashed and tore at an attempt to stike me still.

I held its jaw away, 
only by gripping the knife in its neck

It was not until I threw it's head up, 
up to the heavens, 
and drew the blade down,
down to the hell which owners of the hound I will send, 
did I feel release,
and the warmth of it's blood pour out the cavity I carved. 

And with it's dying breath, 
it growled, 
and I silently wept
having to the the life of such a beaitful creatute, 
breed and raised not knowing love, 
but only fear and hatred for it's enemy, 
never afford the sastifaction of being simply scrathced. 

Taking the life of other men, 
men who hold the gift of rational, 
has always been something men of war such as I become used to, 
atleast in the heat of battle, 
as they know full well the act of pulling a trigger. 

But to take the life of a hound, 
hopeless without the rational, 
helpless without instruction of it's owner, 
and innocent to all acts it commits, 
will never rest with me, 
and I curse those whom use innocene to edge their immoral selves superior. 





















































The last 5 years I had spent building my new home, 
a boat that would sail down the river that bordered my property,
and take me to a place not yet imagianble. 

I have spend the entirety of my life beside the river, 
on the same plot of land the generations before me held as well. 

Up untill 5 years ago, 
I had been a daughter, 
and a sister, 
but now, 
I am only alone. 

To build such a beautiful boat, 
it took the forest of our land, 
the structure of our home, 
and the will of anger, dispair, guilt, 
but most importantly,
the hope of a better and new life down the river. 

And today, 
it stands glorious in it's completion. 

It is named Delhi. 

As I board the ship, 
I thank the land that has provided life for I and my generations all these years, 
and I say goodbye in the spirit of a new life,
a life worth living, 
a life of exploration and pushing of boundaries, 
to places only I have yet to imagine in my bloodline.

I cut the rope and I sail off, 
and I imagine the spirit of my family waving me off. 

All changes once I begin sailing, 

The elements of the world itself, 





