----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WHY

To hold inner peace.

--------------------

HOW

To live a free life worth living with a cause worth dying for. 

--------------------

WHAT

Being a good person and doing the right thing. 

LAW ENFORCEMENT AND UNITED NATIONS 

To have a regular job that contributes to society but also write. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


THE BOOK 

--------------------

Today, I begin writing my book. 

If you are reading this, I am have physcial presence on this world,

but I live though the words written in this text. 

This will serve as my life's work, 

a life full of experiences, lessons, and purpose to pass clearity to furture generations. 

--------------------

30 SEP 2022

Latley, I have been signifigantly struggeling to find what I would like to do with my life. 

Pervious years, I had everything planned out. 

I was to become a doctor and live my life as a medical professional, a highly respected well paying career. 

That, of course, will not happen as I began to truly and deeply ask myself questions of life that have and will forever change the course of my life. 

I have concluded though, that all I wish to have in my life is inner peace. 

If I have inner peace, then all else that follows in my life is.. okay... 

I belive that to hold inner peace, it is necessary, atleast for me, to live a free life worth living, and with a cause worth dying for. 

Now this is vague, and this is in intentional. 

It is a solid principle that I will follow but flexiable enough to make changes in my day to day life to fit the profile of my principles. 

But with such vagueness and so much potentiol ahead of myself in my life, I am unsure what exact direction to take. 

What I do know however, is that if any tangible goal in my life, 

it is to write this book in hopes that it gives those that love me peace of mind in my passing, 

and change the perspectives of those whom read it in hopes it allows them to live a more peaceful life. 

Now it may seem extreamly odd for a healthy twenty two year old to be writing a book that is to be published at his death, 

but to me, it is scary how short life already seems to me. 

So please, enjoy the following texts I will have written thoughout my lifetime, and witness the progression of my conscience. 

--------------------

A doctor, a lawyer, a policeman, a writer, jouranlists, a soldier, a teacher, a international worker, a politician, a businessman.

at one point, I had wanted to become one of these. 

I feel I would be content as any one of these, yet not fully sastified if I had actually achived the qualifications and position of one of these careers. 

Because I ask, is this what I want to do with my life? 

Is this really what I want to do with the time that I have on earth. 

What I really want to do is bring peace, love, and happiness into the world and it is certinly possible to do so through any of those careers. 

But before I decide to become any of these things, I think it is a must that I work on becoming a better person. 

I do not care what the hell I become if I am not a good, wholesome person. 

I'd rather be working at McDonalds if it meant i'd be a good person and have inner peace. 

These past coming weeks, where before I was cheifly concerned with what my career would be in live, I now care about just enjoying my life. 

I want to love my life. 

Becoming successful will not make me love my life. 

Feeling alive will make me love my life. 

Feeling alive, and forgetting the mudane day to day life that most of us live. 

So, in reality, I do not think I would become particualrly sastified becoming affiliated with any of those careers outlined, as life would become oh so mudane, even if the work I was doing was for the betterment of society. 

Going into work everyday where your job is to have fun and save the world is still a job, and will likley become mudane. 

What makes life fun!.. is freedom to choose your destiny for the following day. 

However, this is impossible for most of us unless you have zero responsbility and wealth. 

I belive that out of the things I have discussed thus far, becoming a writer is most deserible (given financial stability) as it allows me to pick and choose what I want to write, when I want to write, ect. 

Except this endevour is also extreamly different from the other professions outlined as my intent with this profession is to write my lifes work till I die. 

So durning the course of my lifetime, I will have contributed little in the sense of a professional way, but hopefully what I write thoughtout the time of my life becomes invaluable in comparison to the fruits beared from the time in a professional career outlined before. 

I want to live a non-professional life. 

I will be 
a good person, 
a husband, 
a father, 
a friend, 
a son, 
a brother, 
a cousin, 
etc etc etc. 

and I want to experiece the world and life. 

Because in the grand scheme of history, it does not matter what I do in my day to day life. 

I am sure it will hold no signifigance. 

But if I am to contribute anything to mankind and the hisotry of the world, 

it is to bring a little peace and clearity into the lives of those who read this, 

even if it is just my loved one(s).

--------------------

1 OCT 2022

I feel as though as long as I write what comes to my consciousness, 

I will continunly refine and improve it. 

It is the active engagement of my mind that I belive creates a better headspace overall. 

Admitidly, I have taken quite a break from doing so. 

The reason is that recently, I have felt more at peace, and not so much is a drastic rush to reach sucucess,

I am in the midsts of creating a algorythm that will hopefully sustainablly afford me opportunities to travel and see the world, 

without the need to work. 

I would like to see the world, though backpacking, as crazy as that may seem. 

I wish to travel with only the bear necisities in order to experiecne more, with less. 

To be able to experience more with less is a motto that I belive will lead to getting the most out of life. 

It is a headspace I am attemping to achive...

1. KAMIKOCHI-YARI-HOTAKA CIRCUIT, NORTHERN JAPANESE ALPS, JAPAN

2. KALALAU TRAIL, NA PALI COAST, HAWAII, USA

3. LONG RANGE TRAVERSE, NEWFOUNDLAND, CANADA

4. RIM TO RIM, GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK, ARIZONA, USA

5. COYOTE GULCH, GLEN CANYON NATIONAL RECREATION AREA, UTAH, USA

6. CORDILLERA HUAYHUASH, PERU

7. COPPER RIDGE LOOP, NORTH CASCADES NATIONAL PARK, WASHINGTON, USA

8. KEPLER TRACK, SOUTH ISLAND, NEW ZEALAND

9. TOUBKAL CIRCUIT, MOROCCO

10. WEST COAST TRAIL, BRITISH COLUMBIA, CANADA

11. DANA TO PETRA ON THE JORDAN TRAIL, DANA BIOSPHERE RESERVE, JORDAN

12. ARTHUR RANGE TRAVERSE, TASMANIA, AUSTRALIA

13. LAUGAVEGUR-SKOGAR TRAIL, ICELAND

14. ANNAPURNA CIRCUIT, NEPAL

15. WIND RIVER HIGH ROUTE, WYOMING, USA

16. TORRES DEL PAINE ‘O’ CIRCUIT, PATAGONIA, CHILE

17. ALTA VIA 2, DOLOMITES, ITALY

18. ARCTIC CIRCLE TRAIL, GREENLAND

19. WALKER’S HAUTE ROUTE, FRENCH AND SWISS ALPS

20. DRAKENSBERG GRAND TRAVERSE, SOUTH AFRICA

21. SIERRA HIGH ROUTE, CALIFORNIA, USA

22. CAMINO PRIMITIVO, SPAIN

23. KUNGSLEDEN TRAIL, SWEDEN

24. GREAT DIVIDE TRAIL, CANADIAN ROCKIES

25. VIA DINARICA, BALKANS

The excitiment I just got just thinking about doing a handful of these in my life was overwhemling. 

And there are so many other trails and treks that excitment me. 

To train myself and also start with first seeing the majorirty of my own country, 

a safe and familair start, 

is to hike the triple crown.

The Appalachian Trail, Contential Divide Trail, and the Pacific Crest Trail. 

Hopefully all in a year, though that will pose signifigant logisical obstacles due to having to go to drill every month with the National Guard. 

I will say that any of this is possible because of the guard, as I will be reciving a $20,000 dollar bonus that I can use to atleast hike the Appalachian Trail and purchase great gear. 

The money will also be used in attempt to gain a trading contract that I can use to fund the rest of my future endevors. 

I really hope that this trading venture works, as it has the possibility to make many of my dreams come to fruition.

At times I feel diswayed from pursing this venture, as it almost seems too good to be true, espically when I explain to others what I am attempting to do.

I feel as though I am being looked at as someone who fell into a get rich quick scheme, 

but only this is not a get rich quick scheme. 

It is a slow and persistant push to attempt to gain small percentange points on a account via statistical calculations (and a little luck I suppose) that will lead me to only gain a few hundred dollars a month...

Basically I am attemping to only make minimal wage but in a way that affords me whats much more precious than making more money... having more time. 

--------------------

1 OCT 2022

The last week, I became extreamly intriged by a potentiol job... again. 

Another reflection I had made is that despite the work that any of us do in our lifetime will make really any differnce in the grand scheme of things, 

it is still necessary to contribute to the world in a productive manner in order to sustain the life of our society today. 

It is selfish to live in a means that is only benefical to oneself. 

For example, if I were to only trade via my algorythm, and hike the world, and only live in means to please myself, I really do not contribute much to the world.

One career field I have been becoming increasingly interested in is investigating crimes. 

The UN, a world peace-keeping organization employees investigators to find the worlds top criminals. 

I find that potnetiol role extreamly interesting. 

The organization I'd be working for would be everything I would want, 

the role would likley be in the field at times, 

and it certinly would be intellectually challenging enough to keep me mentally intrigued indefiently. 

Even the FBI has sparked my intertest extinsivly over the past few months. 

Parallel to this career, I could write, which is a point of differention and a opportunity to live on though words forever. 

Another thing I have been finding out about myself (though it is certinly obvious to others in my inner circle) is that I do not like to do the same thing for too long.

If I became a physcian as I orgianlly aspired to me, I am sure I would become extreamly bored having the same job indefienely. 

Getting a law degree, I have so many options on what I could do, with so many organizations, it is overwhemling. 

I know I can always move focus to what I wish. 

Anyway, after I do my fair share of traveling and completion of my officer training, 

I will continue onto law school,

hopefully at the best schools in the coutnry as to keep my future as wide as possible. 

So, let's review, as I need so many times. 

WHAT I KNOW
1. Get funded
2. Travel 
3. Become an officer 

WHAT I DON'T 
5. Join special team
6. FBI ? 
7. UN ? 
8. Politics ? 
 --------
JOB PURSUE TRUTH 

NO LAW SCHOOL 
NO MORE SCHOOL
JUST ACADEMICS AND WRITING 
TRADE? 

way i contrubte is sharing what I have learned and changing perspectives of others 

Is a potentiol way that I contribute even in my day to day life to share what I have learned with family, friends, and others that care to listen in hopes to change their persdeoctive on life?

Why is it that I need to share these things after I perish?

But what exactly does this look like for a life??? 

Consider creating a study in my room? >> !! ?! :??!? ! ! ! ?! !  ! !?! ! !? !?! ? !?!  ! ?! ?!

Start with short stories ??? 
--------
OCT 3 2022

Or maybe, is it worth my life even in the day to day aspect of it to study every aspect of relevancy of modern life and share what I have learned in the hopes of changing the perspective of others?

I still trade, be a civilian solider, and travel, but my lifes pursuit will be of knowlage and the sharing of it. 

This will preferably be via books, videos, and auudio files. 

This could certinly be a possibility, however I am unsure of how financial secure this potentiol route is going to be, espically if trading is not working.

I could atleast pursue this possibility until it is evident that trading will not work and I will not profit from my studies. 


"Individual in a world of strong and big ideas" -