I will create short fictional poems / stories based upon real life experiences. 



Déjà Vu

A Short Fiction Inspired by Military Training

Out of the trench and over the wall,
I find myself crawling, clinging my body to the ground as 
sounds of machine guns fire and bullets fly overhead
along with the bass that is mortor rounds impacting nearby. 

The vibrations carry through the hands that cling the earth, 
and that of my rifle.

The dark night is only illuminated by that of the tracer rounds 
and raw energy derived from explosives and flames. 

I keep pulling my body foward, only seeing my hands in front of me.

My hands, my hands, similar in size and shapes to those who crawl next to me, 
similar to those who fire at me.

But Déjà Vu strikes as I look at my hands, 
as it was only a decade ago, where these were hands of just a child.

They are the same hands, afterall.

It felt like yestrerday.

But tonight, these hands move me and save my life, 

so I can that of anothers tomarrow.

Déjà Vu is a funny thing.

37.7252° N, 92.1647° W







Wings

A Short Fiction Inspired by an Italian Opera

In a flash
both literally and figuitivly,
one whom I called brother, 
the type of friend you could spend enternity with
lie dead in cold blood. 

I stand there, 
belived to be untoucnhed,
in a trance,
as the blood from his wounds flow,
flooding the surrounding sidewalk. 

The blood is thick, 
crystal,
reflecting the dim dirty flickering light of the telephone pole directly above.

Brother,
My brother is bleeding, 
the life of him now stained in concrete.

Time ticks,
blood leaks, 
and tears fall of my cheek.

And with nobody around to hear my cries of help,
I stay silent, and fall to my knees, at the feet of brother.

His face, though, reflects peace. 
Contemptment.
A soft smile resonates from his lips.

Replaced by the waxing cresent moonlight of January 
is the dirty street light as it goes out forever,
and out is the soul of my brother.

As the moon illuminates him now,
his pool of blood, branched to the left and right side of his body, 
forms that of glorious wings.

And he becomes now, and forever, my guardian angel.
To guard myself from vows of revenge and the continuing the world's cycle of hatred.

Break The Cycle.

"40.6281° N, 14.4850° E"






Fire

For but a moment

...

Flames flared high, 
and hot?

No, my conscience illuminated a mere visual 
what I can only describe as the center of volcano.

Theres a tint to my vision, 
a filter masking all that I see, 
orange,
analogous with fire.

The complexiy of my surroundings, 
synomonus with waves of heats, 
oscillating obsessivly.

I'm woozy.

So as if I were to take a single step,
offbalance,
into the dream my mind manifested
my flesh would surly conflagrate, 
and my soul combust.

...

But as if a blink of the eye 
could extinguish the world,
perhaps from a tear, 
this alternae world my mind forged,
rest. 

For but a moment...

Extinguish the flames.

"41° 51' 0.36 N' -71° 27' 58.21' W"







Songs

I love music.

The spronos of the birds, 
singing as I walk though the thick forest path. 

The alto of the the coyote pack,
at the peak of it's howl 
in the distince as I lay at night. 

The tenor of the crickets,
chirping, as I convoy though open fields of straw.

The bass of the swamp frogs, 
peeping a constant chord as I see the sun continues to cease.

The percussion of the startled schools of minnows, 
slapping the water leaving ripples, 
disguisied as sounds of raindrops.

What's on repeat for you?

41.6584° N, 71.4366° W







Art

Today I witnessed technology, 
that quite literally
created art. 

Today, artifical intelligence can create art 
that will forever be more aesthetically pleasing
than anything I can create. 

But emotion,
Passion;
these make art beautiful. 

And for that, 
life forever stays nothing less than, 

beautiful.

What is beautiful to you?

37.7636° N, 122.4174° W







War

Both my internal introspective self and external enviroment had elevated my stress throughout the week,
yet at the same time I feel numb. to it all.

9:54PM
I am without fatigue mentally or physcially and I am without material conscience; 
my notebook.
I finished the pages of my last hours before. 

I drive to buy one, 
to write my thoughts and become wholly rational again as I. am bothered by something internally. 
It could be a number of things.

10:32PM
The ashphalt absorbs my headlights entirley, 
illuminating fully only whats in front and dissipating into my peripheral. 
Behind me is nothing but the absence of light. 
Dead decrypted leaves, 
likley fallen months before from the ever-cycling oak trees,
blows in front of my traveling path. 
I am in no rush. 
I could stay here,
with my thoughts and simplistic observaions,
letting the minunites pass, 
detached from the complicated reality of everyday life. 

I am in the drivers seat eyes foward,
though I feel i'm looking at myself from a birds eye view. 

An uninvited reflection takes control of the entirety of my consciousness. 

I am alive, older yet full of youth, and healthly. 

I am still minunites away from home
with the paper of my new journal awaiting ink inscription, 
though I achived what I'd been seeking as I venture into the dead of night on this vacant dimly lit road;

inner peace.

The stress of my life that seems so trival now retreats, 
though a new batttle inevitably begins tomorrow as I forget this meditation.

Who am I at war with?

41°43'19.4"N 71°33'32.8"W





Mortality

It was only days before the first of spring, 
and the birds, evidently, were livley on this refreshingly warm day. 

As was we, endervering on a hike atop this hill. 

We had paid little attention to the beauty that encompassed the journey to the peak, 
apart from the relativly flat aspect of the trip, 
where eyes were free. 
Of course this was due to the rockey hillside which demanded attention whilst climbing, 
unless one wanted to know the taste of gneiss or granite. 

But coming to the top, 
and finally having the opportunity to bear the fruits of our labor, 
I peared off into the distince. 

Miles of tall red oaks, 
that appear stiff and lifeless. 

A sea of death I thought. 

Though this of course was not true. 
The oaks, whether or not it was evident, 
were alive and well; they would outlive me, afternall. 

The mortality I hold was reminded to me on the downslope, 
watching two vulchers encirle us. They I would certinly would outlive, 
though I know they had wished it not so. They were not, could not, expect me to provide for them. 

Maybe it was the elderly dog accompanying us that the scavengers had become keen on. 

Maybe in a months time, 
the sea of death would finish its tide, 
and bring about budding, bird songs, and an air of life. 

Death brings about life.

41.5550° N, 71.6985° W






Compassion.

Two left turning lanes approach, 
only one of which is filled with vechicles;
the right one. 

The left lane hugged a median. 
A homeless man stood there,
next to an break in traffic, 
next to spot to which I poitioned my SUV.

I looked at him as I drive up. 

His complexion dark, 
scruffy, 
bulky,
yet he held inviting eyes, 
that looked not at me but into distince. 
He looked cold.

His creased cardboard sign with sharpie read 
"Anything Helps". 
Most, including the sign weilder, 
may assume this means monetary help. 
Though I take it literally, 
and offer what I can,
wheter it be a gronala bar, 
a bottled water, 
or a simple hello. 

Unsusal for me, 
I felt complelled to open my wallet.
Two bills; 
One worth a single dollar and another worth twenty. 

Pinching the dollar, 
I'd observed what I obtained earlier in the week for myself, 
still unsued, unopened, but there if I wanted it. 
But here, I thought this man may need it as I did just years ago. 

Rolling down my window, 
his those inviting eyes made contact with mine, 
followed with a contagious smile. 
The front teeth mising made no difference. 
I smiled back, with a few words exchanged. 

Out my hand reached,
holding a book with a bill I placed in between random pages.

A new testament, 
pocket-edition. 

His grin widened, 
his voice pitch raised with excitment. 
He had told me he had lost his other bible, 
and that he wished he hadn't as he reads it in his tent at night. 
He had made reference to Him durning our conversation,
pointing above, 
beliving in the signs He provides. 

Moments passed, and I drove away. 

I felt a mix of emotions. 

Shame, 
I felt for him, 
looking though his eyes, 
at the cars who decided to stay away in the futher lane. 

Disipointment, 
for those in the cars, 
being less comfortable next to a man in need, 
than with themelvess for wanting to avoid any interaction, 
even eye contact.
But those in the cars were no different that I just a few years ago.

Joy, 
which was not derived from the feeling of helping a person in need, 
but from the reflection of his expresion when I offered him a single bill, 
along with text of wisdom. 

Curiousity, 
as I questioned myself,
for not giving the man a $20. 
I did not want to give it to him. 
But why? 
Had I thought I needed it more?
Had I thought I deserved it more?
Had I thought I would spend it better?

And why had he been staring off into the distince? 
Was he thinking? 
Dozing? 
Or advoiding eyes of judgement?

While writing this, 
it brought me back to 2019, 
when, admittily, 
I unconsciously patronized a homeless man, whose face and hands I remember today. 
My friend at the time whom walked with me patronized me in return, deservingly. 
She put my actions in perspective. 
I ran into him other times, giving him water, or warm cookies I'd bought for myself. 

And from that day on I began treating those less fortunate with the upmost respect. 

Perspective changes the way we treat others.

41.7001° N, 71.4162° W







Love

Light;
Sun of dawn pearing though the horizon, 
path interrupeted by the bare tree limbs of winter. 

Warmth;
Our bodies lay together in the morning,
her breath hits my cheek as she lay on my chest.

Comfort;
A wish to distort time, 
to afford us this momment longer. 

Peace.

Are these the moments life is about?

41.7507° N, 71.5514° W







Martyr

Intense emotion I felt, 
driving on an ordinary brisk day of Feburary,
listening to the reports of militant invasion between two forgien countries, 
located half the distince of the globe away from me. 

Sentiment is no stranger to me listening to the news, 
but todays had an unexpected source. 
It was not sympathy for the citizens of the country hosting unwanted conflict, 
or fury at the stubborn leaderships of the superior yet unwarented offensive force, 
but admiration for the warriors defending their oppressed nation 
for on this day, 
soldiers, 
mortal men and women, 
gave the ultimate sacrifice, 
knowing well the dominant yet unfavorable outcome of the engagement, 
to uphold the dignity of themselves, 
and for their country, 
for the world to bear witness. 

Am I brave enough to become a martyr?

42.3657° N, 70.9788° W







Desensitized to Beauty?

"What was I hearing" 
I asked myself with my eyes shut.

Sounds of something wooshing... constant undistinguishablee noise from afar flooding my ears.
I would of guessed an interstate highway, a mainroad in the distince, where cars and large trucks were traveling hastly. 

Instead, I knew where I was. 

No more than a few hundred feet away from the ocean front I stood; a rock formation coming between us and the sight of crashing waves, thus explaining the supression of sound. 
I was hearing the raw intensity of mother nature.

Sadness I felt, thinking how accustomed my ears had become to everything in the world unnatural. 

My senses, had they become desentized to true beauty?

41°26′56″N 71°23′58″W





Why I Write

My Journey

This peice is going to be a working reflection. 

I did not want to be a writer, 
in fact I use to hate writing.

I have never been gifted at writing, 
and even reading has never come naturally to me.

Truth is I do not know propper grammer, 
my vocabulary is lacking, 
and I was even put into remedial reading classes years back. 

What I do love though, endlessly, is reflection and the art of refining my own consciousness. 

I practice this daily, and allocate hours a week to this activity. 
Reflection solves countless problems for me, internal and external,
allows me to know myself to an incredibly deep level (allowing me to have a high emotinal intelligence overall),
helps me make decions in life that bring about inner peace through thought out principles, 
etc. etc. etc.

The first I remember seriously reflecting was begining highschool, 
where I would spend hours a week trying to find what I wanted to do with my life, 
and opportunities that were available to me; it's how I found out about the National Guard.

Where writing came into the picture was in Basic Combat Training, where any ounce of free time I had I would write.

These writings came in the form of letters that I would send to my girlfriend at that time for the most part. 
I wrote so much about my reflections durning this time that I would go through entire notebooks, 
writing upwards of 10 pages of reflections a day. 

I wrote so much that I would skip showers to have more time to write, 
and I even got my notebook taken by the drill sergent and the platoon in trouble once.

However, when basic training had finished, and I no longer had to communicate with others via letters, I stopped... for years. 

The next point reflection and writings came to life were when I wrote the many drafts of my medical school personal statement. 

These personal statements I was proud of, and it brought an incredible amount of clearity to my own rationale. 

From that point on, I began to write regularly. 

And so this leads me to today, where I write constantly, and absolutly love it. 

Writing became a way to communite with my own consciousness clearly. 

Having spent years writing now in my own way, 
what I have discovered that I love most is poetry,
as I love formulating my refelctions, experiences, and encounters in this world in a beautiful way in my mind, 
and poetry allows me to do so. 

Now I have no formal training in poetry nor have I even bothered to understand what poetry truly is. 

To me, anyway, it is writing in phrase that is parallel with my conscience, forgetting things like sentence structure and proper grammer. 

I do not care about proper writing ediquite or spelling or anything releated to proper english. 

These writings are my mind on paper, and nothing less. 

I write for myself and nobody else. 

Anyway, thats my journey, 
and I hope I write till I grow old and die, 
because if there is anything I can offer this world, 
I intend it to be timeless reflections that others can read and learn from, 
and to extend an a beautiful new lens to how you view the world. 


A Little Rational and Clearity is my Offering to the World.