I've taken quite a break from writing, 
and I have not quite pinned it down, 
and so this piece of writing serves as a exercise to find answeres.

Is it possible that I have become detered from writing because I just don't like it as much as I did?
I find that to be untrue as it brings me an incredible amount of joy to have finished a piece.

It also is not that it is too hard to me, 
as I am not detered from things that are difficult, 
espically in the intellectual sense.

It is not that I think my writing is not good, 
or will be well respected, 
as I do not care whether it is a well written piece or not, 
I do not even spellcheck my work;
I could care less. 

Regardless, 
I belive people will respect my writing as writing is passion,
and passion is to be respected by any rational person. 

Maybe, 
it is possible, 
that I do not think my writing will go anywhere, 
and the fact I dont have any specific goal in mind. 

This is certinly possible and could unconsciously derail any routine I have writing. 

I am an extreamly goal orentied person, 
to a fault, 
and with writing I have no goal. 

I am not trying to be published, 
or make money from writing, 
or nor am I rushing to show or tell others I write or am a writer.

So without a goal, 
I have no instrict drive.

Well, 
then I, 
today, 
deem it okay to write even with no specific long rational goal in mind, 
because...
I like it...
I enjoy writing, 
no matter who sees it. 

It is a habbit of practicing my mind, 
and oh, 
I value that tremendously. 

Another reason why I belive I've taken a break from writing is I have found peace of mind, 
more so than I had previous months. 

With all that being said, 
I foresee an extensive amount of journaling to be carried on with, 
as I am attempting a different apprach to life. 

I am toying with a new guiding principle in life. 

Live a life worth living for a cause worth dying for. 

I will write extinsivly on this principle, 
and the actual phrasing of my point my change, 
as I am working to articulate my principle still so others, 
and myself,
may understnad better.

An example of this principle carried out in my life is my upcoming goals. 

I want to hike the AT, PCT, and CDT all in a year. 

I want to see the country, and the world, via hiking extreamly long distinces, with the love of my life. 

Why? 

All I can think of is that it is a life worth living. 

It is a pursuit worth my money, 
and most importantly, 
my time.

I imagine I will learn an incredible amount about myself, others, the world, and of life... of life.

Second, with still a focus on serving my own community, I will be becoming an officer in the national guard. 

I want to jump out of airplanes and fight with the infantry to defend what is in theory a just state and nation.

Why? 

All I can think of is that it is a life worth living and a cause worth dying for. 

Now, I belive that the best thing to do for the world is 





UTOPIA BUT NOBODY IS HAPPY. 

WORLD WITHOUT PASSION.
