The first I remember of writing something that I knew was extraordinary and yet beautiful was as a child. 

It was a painting that I done, and it was suppose to be of the night sky. 

My painting look just as everyone elses did as it was expected to. 

Though the purpose of the assignment was to pin what students had a natural gift in the fine art of painting, whether they liked it or not. 

However, the act of creating such a thing for the first time filled by body with what I could have desceibed at this time as pure joy, 

a joy that was unfamiliar to me, and to others around me. 

For everyone else, it was only an assignment. 



I had not thought much of it since that experience and had moved on with my life, though the rest of my time in the education system. 

Trying new and diffferent things, and being tested heavily on the ability for us to complete the task as ascribed. 

Because the goal of school, afterall, is to determine what I am good at so I may contribute the most to society this way.

It would be pure irrationality for the Perfect Union to employee me as a painter, when that is not my natural born gift. 



It is the role of all whom live in the Perfect Union to follow what their natural born talent is, as that is how a Perfect Union was created in the first place, 

and will continue to exists. 

To derail from such a harmony would end in the cathestorys our ancestors had endured, 

and that others across the globe continue to endure without the liberation of the Perfect Union. 



In fact, my demostrated ability to understand the mission of the Perfect Union in its armed conflict with non union member areas is what had landed me employment as a new litininet in the Militia. 

My natural born gift is ratioanlity, as indicated by the fianl examiations in school. 

And to the level of which I would sacrifice twords the flourishment of the Perfect Union, 

led to the honorable role of an infantry man, ready to die at command for the Perfect Union! 

And that brings us to today, where I find myself over 4,000 miles away from the Perfect Union capital, 

just behind the line between the fight for what what what is right, rational, and perfect, and for what is not. 


"Men and women, today, you will have the opportunity to serve your Perfect Union in a most honorable way, to fight for the progression of a perfect world. 

Let us not forget the sacrifices that have been made in the years before, espically in the creation of the most Perfect Union. 

Those men and women gave every ounce of who they to grant us the life that humanity had hoped to achived since it's creation, 

and it is with you that the honor continues with, as we will free more innocent men, women, and children whom have not yet rid the savegery that their imperfect state impeeds on them. 

Those of you here today were born with a unique gift that plays into the uniform mission of the Perfect Union, 

that gift is rationality that you have the courage to fight and die for, and die you will" 


Amazed I felt as I stood and raised my rifle to the air in celeration of the speech and the begining of the march tword the ends of our lives. 

On our back we carried all that we needed to surive till our expected date of death, 4 days worth of food, water, and ammuniton needed to fight the good fight. 

As instructed, were were to pick up the necessary supplies on the bodies of the heros before us if needed, 

however I doubt it would be an issue. 

I would not coward and cling to the life I have, as the cause is much more worth any of our individual lives. 

Collectivly, we do our part, and the Perfect Union grows. 

As we marched, my feet began to swell, as the boots given to me were not of correct size, 






























I did not want to do what I was necessarly good at. 


In my lifetime, I decided to pursue what had made me happy, 

inviting pure joy. 


What makes something beautiful is not the final result, 

or even the means to that end, 

but the passion behind what it that I do. 

So though my work as a 
















UTOPIA BUT NOBODY IS HAPPY. 

WORLD WITHOUT PASSION.

People do what they are good at, 
and for those not particularly good at anything do benign activities that are general labor. 

Nobody does what they are passionate about. 

Individual lives in a mountian town, and decides to climb the tallest peak. 

DETAILS:

Education system...
Tests...
    -physcial 
    -academic 
    -mental  

Everybody is paid uniformly

Noody attempts to compare themselves to others

The job of the individual is in military service, 
as he is physcially strong. 

The indiviual comes across a enemy combatant, 
and this individual changes the entire perspective on the indivuals life. 

What do people do for hobbies and entertainment...






OUTLINE

1. Childhood 
    -Writing
    -

2. Education System 
    -Tests
    _

3. Military Service 
    -

4. Deployment
    -

5. Retests
    -

6. Climb Mountian 
    -

7. Inner Peace 
    -

8. Wrote this book to share my story 

These are just some not releated notes. 
1. Law School
2. FBI 
3. UN Investigator 









Though this story is as short as it is, 

there are significagnet sybolic 



















